docs: Add documentation to website for Exposed Maven plugin (#2838)
JetBrains/Exposed: documentation-website/Writerside/topics/Exposed-maven-plugin.md

<show-structure for="chapter,procedure" depth="2"/>

# Exposed Maven plugin

<tldr>
    <p>
        <b>Required dependencies</b>: <code>org.jetbrains.exposed.plugin:exposed-maven-plugin</code>
    </p>
    <p>
        <b>Code example</b>: <a href="https://github.com/JetBrains/Exposed/tree/main/documentation-website/Writerside/snippets/exposed-maven-plugin">exposed-maven-plugin</a>
    </p>
</tldr>

The Exposed Maven plugin provides build-time tooling for working with Exposed-based database schemas in Maven projects.

Its primary feature is [generating SQL migration scripts](#generate-migration-scripts) by comparing Exposed
table definitions with an existing database schema.

## Requirements

* Kotlin 2.2 or later
* Maven 3.9 or later
* JVM 11 or later
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) (only required when [using `Testcontainers`](#use-testcontainers))

## Installation

> To install the plugin, add it to the `<build><plugins>` section of your `pom.xml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the plugin, add it to the `<build><plugins>` section of your <path>pom.xml</path> file:
```

```xml
<build>
    <plugins>
        <plugin>
            <groupId>org.jetbrains.exposed.plugin</groupId>
            <artifactId>exposed-maven-plugin</artifactId>
            <version>%exposed_version%</version>
        </plugin>
    </plugins>
</build>
```

## Generate migration scripts

To generate migration scripts based on the difference between your existing database schema and your Exposed table
definitions, invoke the `generate-migration` goal:

```bash
mvn exposed:generate-migration
```

Generated files are written to the [configured output directory](#file-directory).

### Integration with the build lifecycle

You can bind migration generation to a Maven lifecycle phase by adding an `<executions>` block to the plugin
configuration. For example, to generate migrations during the `process-classes` phase:

```xml
<plugin>
    <groupId>org.jetbrains.exposed.plugin</groupId>
    <artifactId>exposed-maven-plugin</artifactId>
    <version>%exposed_version%</version>
    <executions>
        <execution>
            <id>generate-migration</id>
            <phase>process-classes</phase>
            <goals>

>                 <goal>generate-migration</goal>

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above re -> goal name

            </goals>
        </execution>
    </executions>
</plugin>
```

## Configuration

> Configure the plugin using the `<configuration>` block inside the plugin entry in your `pom.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the plugin using the `<configuration>` block inside the plugin entry in your <path>pom.xml</path> file.
```

    <artifactId>exposed-maven-plugin</artifactId>
    <version>%exposed_version%</version>
    <configuration>
        <tablesPackage>com.example.db.tables</tablesPackage>
        <databaseUrl>jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/mydb</databaseUrl>
        <databaseUser>postgres</databaseUser>
        <databasePassword>password</databasePassword>
    </configuration>
</plugin>
```

### Configure `Testcontainers` {id="testcontainers-config"}

To configure a `Testcontainers` connection, set the `testContainersImageName` parameter:

```xml
<plugin>
    <groupId>org.jetbrains.exposed.plugin</groupId>
    <artifactId>exposed-maven-plugin</artifactId>
    <version>%exposed_version%</version>
    <configuration>
        <tablesPackage>com.example.db.tables</tablesPackage>
        <testContainersImageName>postgres:latest</testContainersImageName>
    </configuration>
</plugin>
```

> For more details and supported database container images, see [](#use-testcontainers).
>
{style="tip"}

> When `testContainersImageName` is configured, the plugin uses `Testcontainers` instead of a direct database
> connection for schema generation.
>
{style="note"}

### Override parameters from the command line

> Every plugin parameter can be overridden on the command line using the matching `exposed.migrations.<name>` system property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override any plugin parameter on the command line, use the matching `exposed.migrations.<name>` system property:
```
